Update iOS custom lock screen (#347)
smartdevicelink/sdl_app_library_guides: docs/Getting Started/Adding the Lock Screen/index.md

!@

## Creating a Custom Lock Screen

> If you would like to use your own lock screen instead of the one provided by the library, but still use the logic we provide, you can use a new initializer within @![iOS]`SDLLockScreenConfiguration`!@@![android]`LockScreenConfig`!@. @![iOS]Any custom lock screen you create should be a subclass of `SDLLockScreenViewController` to ensure that it is configured correctly and can receive all of the information necessary to customize your lock screen such as the OEM icon.!@

Reviewer: I created a custom lockscreen that subclassed `SDLLockScreenViewController` but when the lockscreen is presented, it did not cover the entire screen unless I set `modalPresentationStyle = .fullScreen`. I think we still need that information.

Author: No, that's being fixed in a PR by Frank right now (https://github.com/smartdevicelink/sdl_ios/pull/1807). I don't think we need the info here.

Reviewer: Should we also remove setting the `modalPresentationStyle` from the code samples in this section?

@![iOS]

> !!!NOTE

Reviewer: The note formatting is broken

> If you do create a custom lock screen view controller, note that the default view controller `view` background will be transparent, and nothing you do will make it opaque. You **must** place a custom view across the entire view controller in order to make your lock screen opaque.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you create a custom lock screen view controller, please note that the default view controller's `view` will be transparent even if you set a background color. You **must** place a custom view across the entire view controller in order to make your lock screen opaque.
```

Author: Fixed another issue along with these suggestions
